Certainly! Here's a guide that includes instructions on how to approach the solution, how to run the 
Python file to generate the output, and the dependencies required:

1. Approach to the Solution:
Data Processing:
        Read the text files from the specified directory.
       Tokenize the text into words and sentences.
       Clean the text by removing stopwords and punctuation.
Text Analysis:
       Calculate the required metrics such as average sentence length, percentage of complex words, and fog index for readability.
       Count the total number of words, complex words, and syllables per word.
       Identify personal pronouns.
       Calculate the average word length.
Output Generation:
      Store the computed metrics for each document in a structured format (e.g., DataFrame).
      Save the structured data to an Excel file.

2. How to Run the .py File to Generate Output:
      Ensure you have Python installed on your system. 
      Open a text editor or an Integrated Development Environment (IDE) such as Visual Studio Code or Jupyter Notebook.
      Copy the provided Python code into a new Python file (e.g., text_analysis.py).
      Save the file.
      Open a terminal or command prompt.
      Navigate to the directory where the Python file is saved.
      Wait for the script to process the text files and generate the output.
      Once the script finishes execution, check the specified output directory for the generated Excel file containing the analysis results.


3. Dependencies Required:
       Python: Ensure Python is installed on your system. You can download it from https://www.python.org/downloads/
       NLTK (Natural Language Toolkit): Install NLTK library using pip:
              pip install nltk
       Pyphen: Install Pyphen library using pip:
              pip install pyphen
       Pandas: Install Pandas library using pip:
              pip install pandas
Make sure to install these dependencies before running the Python script. You can install them using the provided 
pip commands in your terminal or command prompt.